Apr 07, 2023  2:41:25 PM
Me
Dear Lily,

My name is Bo Shang and I'm a patient at PACT at the Edinburgh Center. I recently reviewed my Edinburgh's medical records and it contains some wildly inaccurate information obtained from the Tewksbury State hospital discharge summary. I can provide Edinburgh access to my Lahey and MGH web portals along with other official medical records that refute the information Edinburgh received from Tewksbury.

Could I possibly schedule an appointment with you to do that?

Also I asked India Tonkin the program assistant at PACT for a copy of the Tewksbury discharge summary and she refused to provide it because she said it's Edinburgh policy not to provide information obtained from other providers. However HIPAA require the disclosure of such information upon request. I was wondering if I could speak to you about that as well?

Thanks so much,
Bo

https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/privacy/guidance/access/index.html

Apr 07, 2023  5:32:32 PM
Me
I'm also concerned that Edinburgh's records about me from the past only contained a lot of untrue negative information obtained via the Tewksbury Discharge Summary. It didnt include the incredibly effective adhd treatment I received from Aug 17 to Nov 18, which I can support with medical records from MGH and academic transcripts. It also doesn't include my entire life's history of struggling with untreated anxiety/panic, adhd, depression, and ASD which was detailed in the neuropsych evaluation but since it was untreated there's not much other medical records, although I can provide supporting evidence with other types of records.

Apr 13, 2023 11:12:33 AM
Me
Dear Lili,

My name is Bo Shang and I was told by Ramona to contact you about adding some missing information from my medical records as well as requesting to change some inaccurate information copied from a previous provider.

I also had a question regarding what India from PACT told me about not releasing records from previous providers which PACT holds, which seems to violate HIPAA requirements.

I was wondering if I could schedule a meeting with you to discuss these issues?

I can be reached at 781-999-4101 or bshang165@gmail.com

Thanks so much,
Bo

